chore(core): Pub Score Improvements (#2554)
aws-amplify/amplify-flutter: packages/amplify_core/example/readme.md

# amplify_core

> This is an internal package containing shared types and methods for use in amplify packages. 

Reviewer: Capitalize filename to `README.md` to match others.

I would change the text to be closer to what's in README as well:

```suggestion
A core package containing base types and utilities shared across Amplify packages. 
```
